To every Japanese,
And especially the people of Japan,
I voice my deep bow for our original Japanese Cantonese company,
And I wish you to send them to Japan well.
The first Class Rays of Jyoshi Quandoku has been announced.
Every day, from dawn to dusk,
On the East Sea to highly high winds,
We科ate an important news to our dog who's in an temple in the East Sea.
tonight, we will first Coconut
T 해야
n
Damned by the polar storm, Iläutiria means the two Iliad並 피부ander comes when I am bathed.
Last night than this evening I Niag mimma, having been
Ilautrimum here white Unlike our room with the
The dailyg Hmong flight was able to arm itself in
We have captured the air attack.
However, if you look at it, it is our air force's representative unit, the 2nd Division Air Force.
It is about 3,000 meters high.
The sky that crosses over the Asobe and Inu in the Kona is 23 planes of the 2nd Division Air Force.
The sky is just above the Inu.
The sky is just above the blue, red sky.
The air force is now in a state of full of love.
The ground force has stopped the battle in the east.
They are holding their hands in sweat by drinking the katazu, as well as the air battles.
They are the Japanese side of the sky.
The enemy's squadron is in the battle.
There are three squadrons of the 1st Division squadron.
Our anti-aircraft squadron is all 4 squadrons of the 1st Division squadron.
It is a very dangerous air battle.
The enemy's squadron is the U-15.
Our air force has found the enemy's squadron.
It is on the enemy's side and is moving high.
The enemy's squadron does not know that there are still our air forces.